[Spaces] Doc about setting custom sleep time 😴 (#562)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-gpus.md

Additional lifecycle control over Spaces with upgraded hardware will soon be provided such as configuration of an automated suspension of the Space after a custom delay.
</Tip>

Additional information about billing can be found in the [dedicated Hub-wide section](./billing).

## Expose a custom sleep time[[sleep-time]]

If your Space runs on the default `cpu-basic` hardware, it will go to sleep if inactive for more than a set time (currently, 72 hours). Anyone visiting your Space will restart it automatically.

> If you want your Space to never deactivate, or if you want to set a custom sleep time, you need to upgrade to a paid Hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want your Space never to deactivate or if you want to set a custom sleep time, you need to upgrade to a paid Hardware.
```

> By default, an upgraded Space will never go to sleep. However, you can use this setting for your upgraded Space to "turn off" (go back to cpu-basic) when it's unused. 😴

Reviewer 2: Is it what is happening? Going back to `cpu-basic` when inactive? I thought it was in that inactive state that gets rebuilt once a visitor comes just like the 72h

Author: i'm actually not sure 🤷 

but yeah i think you're right, it transitions to "stopped" stage, i'll update

> By default, an upgraded Space will never go to sleep. However, you can use this setting for your upgraded Space to "turn off" (go back to cpu-basic) when it's unused. 😴

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, an upgraded Space will never go to sleep. However, you can use this setting for your upgraded Space to become idle when it's unused 😴. The Space will get restarted once it receives a new visitor.
```

Reviewer 2: IMO it is important to make clear that people are not charged when the Space is sleeping
